Fabo/easy connect (#2263)
cosmos/voyager: README.md

yarn start
```

> ### Run for a network of your choice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Cosmos Wallet on a different network
```

> Start a full node for the network that you want to connect to ([How to](https://cosmos.network/docs/gaia/join-mainnet.html#setting-up-a-new-node)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start a full node for the network that you want to connect to (See [guide](https://cosmos.network/docs/gaia/join-mainnet.html#setting-up-a-new-node)).
```
